I'm right round i'm in i'm right around
i'm getting so into the real deal guys I
got some shoes for sale imma go through
them real quick I'm trying to buy some
2001 blacksmith threes and some 2011
white submit threes so I look a little
rushed to question and my stuff cuz I
was bawling him I am i awkward
eight-point knows just a while ago
playing some b ball with my bros so into
the shoes that are for sale just got
some red chucks never really been warned
not dirty that much at all it's a little
spot right there that's about it and
maybe looking for 30 for those 20 25 25
then we got a pair of black chucks not
really been warned not much either not
very many flaws on these just a little
bit of heel drag mmm we five on these
two I guess that son nike capris three
teams he's a pretty dope though I just
never really warm think I won one time
to school just creases on the toe box
that's it houndstooth lining nike swoosh
still intact that thick SB laces in
there burgundy brown know Sam her candy
bottom let me have maybe 50 on these 45
these I know a lot of people been
looking for these and blaze am in just a
black and white colorway looking for
about well I warm one time just at that
thing they're cleaner in person I can
clean them up I warm one time
nothing really wrong with the snake skin
on their black and white looking for 75
70 on these because I know just some
regular black and white ones are pretty
hard to find it sometimes deadstock
Chuck's never been worn everything is
brand new on these also comes with red
laces so um 50 hormones and so guys I
guess that's about it just hit me up if
you one of you these I know it's not
heat right now but how I'm selling so
I'm gonna get eight so that's it so
don't forget to rate comment subscribe
and hit me up if you got anything and
deuces